filters: lua: add docs for Fluent Bit env vars (PR #9617) (#1523)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/filters/lua.md

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Number Type

> +Lua treats number as double. It means an integer field (e.g. IDs, log levels) will be converted double. To avoid type conversion, The `type_int_key` property is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lua treats numbers as a double type.
It means an integer field (e.g. IDs, log levels) will be converted to a double.
To avoid type conversion, the `type_int_key` property is available.
```

### Protected Mode

> Fluent Bit supports protected mode to prevent crash when executes invalid Lua script. See also [Error Handling in Application Code](https://www.lua.org/pil/24.3.1.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent Bit supports protected mode to prevent crashes if it executes an invalid Lua script.
See also [Error Handling in Application Code](https://www.lua.org/pil/24.3.1.html).
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### Number Type

> Lua treats numbers as a double type.
> It means an integer field (e.g. IDs, log levels) will be converted to a double.
> To avoid type conversion, the `type_int_key` property is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lua treats numbers as a `double` type, which means an `integer` type
containing data like user IDs and log levels will be converted to a `double`.
To avoid type conversion, use the `type_int_key` property.
```

### Protected Mode

Fluent Bit supports protected mode to prevent crashes if it executes an invalid Lua script.

> See also [Error Handling in Application Code](https://www.lua.org/pil/24.3.1.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [Error Handling in Application Code](https://www.lua.org/pil/24.3.1.html) in
the Lua documentation for more information.
```

## Code Examples

> For functional examples of this interface, please refer to the code samples provided in the source code of the project located here:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For functional examples of this interface, refer to the code samples provided in the
[source code](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/tree/master/scripts) of the
Fluent Bit project.
```

Author: @lockewritesdocs Isn't redundant to mention the Fluent Bit project? this is the documentation for it.

Author: oh, I see you changed it in the next suggestion. Correct?

Reviewer 2: Rather than have a separate line for the link, I incorporated it into the suggested change on lines 194-196.

> [https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/tree/master/scripts](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/tree/master/scripts)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> {% tab title="fluent-bit.conf" %}

Reviewer: We probably need YAML equivalent as well.

Author: do you want to submit it?
